Daniel Chai (dhc10)

Genre: Top Down Shooter
Name: Laser Mania

Back Story: 
The enemies have invaded our universe. In order to save the universe, the player must destroy 
all the enemies before they travel too deep into the universe. Over time, the enemies adapt 
and become stronger and faster. The player therefore must also adapt in order to destroy the 
continuously stronger enemy batches. But once all these enemy batches are destroyed, their 
boss will come in for one final chance to destroy the player. The boss is much stronger and
smarter than the previous enemy batches and the player is challenged to destroy this boss.

Goal:
There will be several levels. Each level consists of many enemies marching down from the top 
of the screen. If an enemy reaches the bottom of the screen unharmed, then the player loses 
the game and must start over from the very beginning. But the player can move around and shoot 
lasers to destroy the enemies. If by the end of a level, no enemies have marched all the way 
down to the bottom of the screen, then the player advances to the next level. In each successive 
level, the enemies become faster (march down the screen faster) and possibly stronger (maybe
it takes more than one laser hit to destroy the enemy). The enemy batches will also be bigger,
meaning that enemies will come on to the screen more often. After successfully completing 
several of these levels, the final challenge is the boss level. In the boss level, there is only
one boss who can move around and shoot lasers as well. The boss is trying to destroy the player,
and the player is trying to destroy the boss. Each laser shot destroys one part of the body,
and whoever gets completely destroyed first loses. So in order for the player to win the whole 
game, the player must complete all the levels and then beat the boss.

Basic Mechanics:
Arrow keys are used to move around. The space bar is used to shoot a laser. An enemy is destroyed
if a laser shot makes contact with the enemy. There are limits on where the player can travel. 
For example, the player cannot go out of bounds of the view.

Different Modes:
The basic levels consist of enemies marching down the screen. These enemies cannot shoot any 
lasers and move straight down. The only ways to lose are if an enemy marches down to the 
end of the screen of if the player runs into an enemy. In the boss level, there is only one
enemy: the boss. The boss moves around the screen and can shoot lasers as well. Every time
the player hits the boss with a laser shot, the boss "loses" a part of its body. And every
time the boss hits the player with a laser shot, the player "loses" a part of its body. 
Whoever loses its whole body first loses. In this boss level, there will also be special
power-ups. For example, some healing items will appear on the screen and if the player eats
the healing item by going to it, then the player will "heal" and gain back part of its body.
